Completed Task "Command pages: Management" (#23)
MoonlightCapital/MoonlightBot-docs: management-commands/create-muterole.md

# create-muterole

This command sets up a role to be used as the mute role for the server. It will edit the permissions of all channels to
deny the role from sending messages.

> It will edit the following permissions form channels and set them to `false` for the role:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will edit the following permissions from channels and set them to `false` for the role:
```

also missing the part where the bot also needs all permissions in that channel that it tries to allow or deny in the overwrites

# create-muterole

This command sets up a role to be used as the mute role for the server. It will edit the permissions of all channels to

> deny the role from sending messages.

Reviewer: list the perms it denies and on the permission session the necessary info https://canary.discord.com/channels/@me/735007218625282129/1237298974495477822

This command sets up a role to be used as the mute role for the server. It will edit the permissions of all channels to
deny the role from sending messages.

> It will edit the following permissions form channels and set them to `false` for the role:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command sets up a role to be used as the mute role for the server. It will create permission overrides in every possible channels for the role, denying all the following permissions:
```

also, this needs to include a re-elaborations of the screenshots i sent on discord for the relevant conversation

* SendMessages
* AddReactions
* Speak
* CreatePrivateThreads
* CreatePublicThreads
* SendMessagesInThreads

> * UseApplicationCommands

Reviewer: This isn't code, format them properly
